anger/subject_1_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_1_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_1_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_1_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_1_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_1_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_1_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_1_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_1_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_1_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_1_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_1_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_1_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_1_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_1_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_1_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_1_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_1_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_1_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_1_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_1_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_1_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_1_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_1_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_1_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_1_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_1_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_1_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_1_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_1_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_10_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_10_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_10_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_10_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_10_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_10_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_10_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_10_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_10_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_10_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_10_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_10_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_10_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_10_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_10_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_10_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_10_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_10_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_10_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_10_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_10_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_10_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_10_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_10_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_10_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_10_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_10_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_10_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_10_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_10_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_11_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_11_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_11_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_11_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_11_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_11_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_11_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_11_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_11_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_11_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_11_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_11_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_11_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_11_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_11_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_11_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_11_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_11_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_11_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_11_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_11_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_11_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_11_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_11_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_11_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_11_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_11_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_11_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_11_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_11_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_12_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_12_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_12_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_12_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_12_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_12_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_12_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_12_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_12_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_12_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_12_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_12_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_12_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_12_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_12_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_12_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_12_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_12_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_12_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_12_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_12_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_12_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_12_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_12_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_12_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_12_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_12_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_12_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_12_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_12_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_13_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_13_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_13_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_13_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_13_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_13_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_13_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_13_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_13_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_13_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_13_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_13_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_13_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_13_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_13_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_13_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_13_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_13_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_13_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_13_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_13_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_13_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_13_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_13_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_13_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_13_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_13_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_13_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_13_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_13_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_14_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_14_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_14_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_14_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_14_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_14_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_14_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_14_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_14_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_14_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_14_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_14_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_14_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_14_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_14_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_14_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_14_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_14_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_14_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_14_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_14_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_14_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_14_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_14_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_14_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_14_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_14_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_14_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_14_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_14_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_15_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_15_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_15_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_15_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_15_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_15_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_15_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_15_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_15_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_15_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_15_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_15_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_15_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_15_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_15_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_15_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_15_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_15_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_15_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_15_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_15_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_15_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_15_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_15_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_15_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_15_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_15_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_15_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_15_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_15_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_16_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_16_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_16_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_16_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_16_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_16_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_16_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_16_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_16_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_16_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_16_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_16_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_16_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_16_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_16_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_16_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_16_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_16_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_16_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_16_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_16_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_16_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_16_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_16_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_16_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_16_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_16_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_16_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_16_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_16_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_17_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_17_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_17_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_17_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_17_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_17_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_17_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_17_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_17_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_17_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_17_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_17_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_17_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_17_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_17_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_17_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_17_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_17_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_17_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_17_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_17_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_17_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_17_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_17_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_17_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_17_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_17_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_17_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_17_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_17_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_18_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_18_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_18_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_18_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_18_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_18_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_18_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_18_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_18_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_18_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_18_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_18_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_18_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_18_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_18_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_18_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_18_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_18_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_18_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_18_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_18_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_18_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_18_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_18_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_18_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_18_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_18_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_18_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_18_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_18_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_2_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_2_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_2_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_2_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_2_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_2_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_2_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_2_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_2_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_2_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_2_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_2_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_2_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_2_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_2_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_2_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_2_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_2_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_2_sentence_4 happiness
sadness/subject_2_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_2_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_2_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_2_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_2_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_2_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_2_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_2_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_2_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_2_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_20_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_20_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_20_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_20_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_20_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_20_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_20_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_20_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_20_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_20_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_20_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_20_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_20_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_20_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_20_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_20_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_20_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_20_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_20_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_20_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_20_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_20_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_20_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_20_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_20_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_20_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_20_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_20_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_20_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_20_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_21_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_21_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_21_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_21_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_21_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_21_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_21_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_21_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_21_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_21_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_21_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_21_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_21_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_21_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_21_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_21_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_21_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_21_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_21_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_21_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_21_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_21_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_21_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_21_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_21_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_21_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_21_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_21_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_21_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_21_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_22_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_22_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_22_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_22_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_22_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_22_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_22_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_22_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_22_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_22_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_22_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_22_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_22_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_22_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_22_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_22_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_22_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_22_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_22_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_22_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_22_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_22_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_22_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_22_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_22_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_22_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_22_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_22_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_22_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_22_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_23_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_23_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_23_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_23_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_23_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_23_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_23_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_23_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_23_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_23_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_23_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_23_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_23_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_23_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_23_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_23_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_23_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_23_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_23_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_23_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_23_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_23_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_23_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_23_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_23_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_23_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_23_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_24_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_24_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_24_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_24_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_24_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_24_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_24_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_24_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_24_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_24_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_24_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_24_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_24_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_24_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_24_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_24_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_24_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_24_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_24_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_24_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_24_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_24_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_24_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_24_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_24_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_24_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_24_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_24_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_24_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_24_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_25_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_25_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_25_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_25_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_25_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_25_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_25_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_25_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_25_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_25_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_25_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_25_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_25_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_25_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_25_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_25_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_25_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_25_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_25_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_25_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_25_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_25_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_25_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_25_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_25_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_25_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_25_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_25_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_25_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_25_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_26_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_26_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_26_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_26_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_26_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_26_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_26_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_26_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_26_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_26_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_26_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_26_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_26_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_26_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_26_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_26_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_26_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_26_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_26_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_26_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_26_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_26_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_26_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_26_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_26_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_26_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_26_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_26_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_26_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_26_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_27_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_27_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_27_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_27_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_27_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_27_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_27_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_27_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_27_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_27_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_27_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_27_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_27_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_27_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_27_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_27_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_27_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_27_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_27_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_27_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_27_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_27_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_27_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_27_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_27_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_27_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_27_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_27_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_27_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_27_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_28_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_28_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_28_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_28_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_28_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_28_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_28_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_28_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_28_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_28_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_28_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_28_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_28_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_28_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_28_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_28_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_28_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_28_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_28_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_28_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_28_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_28_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_28_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_28_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_28_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_28_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_28_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_28_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_28_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_28_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_29_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_29_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_29_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_29_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_29_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_29_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_29_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_29_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_29_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_29_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_29_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_29_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_29_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_29_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_29_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_29_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_29_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_29_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_29_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_29_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_29_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_29_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_29_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_29_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_29_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_29_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_29_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_29_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_29_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_29_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_3_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_3_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_3_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_3_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_3_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_3_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_3_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_3_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_3_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_3_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_3_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_3_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_3_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_3_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_3_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_3_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_3_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_3_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_3_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_3_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_3_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_3_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_3_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_3_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_3_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_3_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_3_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_3_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_3_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_3_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_30_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_30_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_30_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_30_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_30_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_30_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_30_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_30_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_30_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_30_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_30_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_30_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_30_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_30_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_30_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_30_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_30_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_30_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_30_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_30_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_30_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_30_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_30_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_30_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_30_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_30_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_30_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_30_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_30_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_30_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_31_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_31_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_31_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_31_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_31_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_31_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_31_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_31_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_31_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_31_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_31_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_31_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_31_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_31_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_31_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_31_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_31_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_31_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_31_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_31_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_31_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_31_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_31_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_31_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_31_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_31_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_31_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_31_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_31_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_31_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_32_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_32_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_32_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_32_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_32_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_32_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_32_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_32_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_32_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_32_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_32_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_32_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_32_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_32_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_32_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_32_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_32_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_32_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_32_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_32_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_32_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_32_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_32_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_32_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_32_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_32_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_32_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_32_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_32_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_32_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_33_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_33_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_33_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_33_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_33_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_33_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_33_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_33_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_33_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_33_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_33_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_33_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_33_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_33_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_33_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_33_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_33_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_33_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_33_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_33_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_33_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_33_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_33_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_33_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_33_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_33_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_33_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_33_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_33_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_33_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_34_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_34_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_34_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_34_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_34_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_34_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_34_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_34_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_34_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_34_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_34_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_34_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_34_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_34_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_34_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_34_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_34_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_34_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_34_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_34_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_34_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_34_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_34_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_34_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_34_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_34_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_34_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_34_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_34_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_34_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_35_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_35_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_35_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_35_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_35_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_35_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_35_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_35_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_35_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_35_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_35_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_35_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_35_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_35_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_35_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_35_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_35_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_35_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_35_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_35_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_35_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_35_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_35_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_35_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_35_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_35_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_35_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_35_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_35_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_36_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_36_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_36_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_36_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_36_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_36_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_36_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_36_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_36_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_36_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_36_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_36_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_36_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_36_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_36_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_36_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_36_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_36_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_36_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_36_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_36_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_36_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_36_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_36_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_36_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_36_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_36_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_36_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_36_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_36_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_37_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_37_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_37_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_37_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_37_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_37_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_37_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_37_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_37_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_37_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_37_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_37_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_37_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_37_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_37_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_37_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_37_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_37_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_37_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_37_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_37_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_37_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_37_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_37_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_37_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_37_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_37_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_37_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_37_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_37_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_38_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_38_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_38_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_38_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_38_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_38_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_38_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_38_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_38_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_38_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_38_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_38_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_38_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_38_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_38_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_38_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_38_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_38_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_38_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_38_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_38_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_38_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_38_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_38_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_38_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_38_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_38_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_38_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_38_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_38_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_39_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_39_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_39_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_39_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_39_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_39_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_39_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_39_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_39_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_39_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_39_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_39_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_39_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_39_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_39_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_39_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_39_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_39_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_39_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_39_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_39_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_39_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_39_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_39_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_39_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_39_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_39_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_39_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_39_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_39_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_4_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_4_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_4_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_4_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_4_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_4_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_4_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_4_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_4_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_4_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_4_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_4_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_4_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_4_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_4_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_4_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_4_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_4_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_4_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_4_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_4_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_4_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_4_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_4_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_4_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_4_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_4_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_4_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_4_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_4_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_40_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_40_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_40_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_40_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_40_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_40_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_40_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_40_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_40_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_40_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_40_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_40_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_40_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_40_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_40_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_40_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_40_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_40_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_40_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_40_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_40_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_40_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_40_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_40_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_40_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_40_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_40_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_40_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_40_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_40_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_43_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_43_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_43_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_43_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_43_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_43_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_43_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_43_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_43_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_43_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_43_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_43_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_43_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_43_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_43_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_43_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_43_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_43_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_43_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_43_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_43_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_43_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_43_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_43_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_43_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_43_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_43_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_43_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_43_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_43_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_44_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_44_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_44_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_44_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_44_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_44_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_44_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_44_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_44_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_44_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_44_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_44_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_44_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_44_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_44_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_44_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_44_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_44_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_44_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_44_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_44_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_44_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_44_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_44_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_44_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_44_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_44_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_44_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_44_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_44_sentence_5 surprise