anger/subject_41_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_41_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_41_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_41_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_41_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_41_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_41_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_41_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_41_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_41_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_41_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_41_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_41_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_41_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_41_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_41_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_41_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_41_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_41_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_41_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_41_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_41_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_41_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_41_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_41_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_41_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_41_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_41_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_41_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_41_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_42_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_42_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_42_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_42_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_42_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_42_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_42_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_42_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_42_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_42_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_42_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_42_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_42_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_42_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_42_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_42_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_42_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_42_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_42_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_42_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_42_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_42_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_42_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_42_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_42_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_42_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_42_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_42_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_42_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_42_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_5_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_5_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_5_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_5_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_5_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_5_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_5_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_5_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_5_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_5_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_5_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_5_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_5_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_5_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_5_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_5_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_5_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_5_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_5_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_5_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_5_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_5_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_5_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_5_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_5_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_5_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_5_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_5_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_5_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_5_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_7_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_7_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_7_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_7_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_7_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_7_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_7_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_7_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_7_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_7_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_7_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_7_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_7_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_7_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_7_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_7_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_7_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_7_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_7_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_7_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_7_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_7_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_7_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_7_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_7_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_7_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_7_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_7_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_7_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_7_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_8_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_8_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_8_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_8_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_8_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_8_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_8_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_8_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_8_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_8_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_8_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_8_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_8_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_8_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_8_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_8_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_8_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_8_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_8_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_8_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_8_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_8_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_8_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_8_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_8_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_8_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_8_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_8_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_8_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_8_sentence_5 surprise
anger/subject_9_sentence_1 anger
anger/subject_9_sentence_2 anger
anger/subject_9_sentence_3 anger
anger/subject_9_sentence_4 anger
anger/subject_9_sentence_5 anger
disgust/subject_9_sentence_1 disgust
disgust/subject_9_sentence_2 disgust
disgust/subject_9_sentence_3 disgust
disgust/subject_9_sentence_4 disgust
disgust/subject_9_sentence_5 disgust
fear/subject_9_sentence_1 fear
fear/subject_9_sentence_2 fear
fear/subject_9_sentence_3 fear
fear/subject_9_sentence_4 fear
fear/subject_9_sentence_5 fear
happiness/subject_9_sentence_1 happiness
happiness/subject_9_sentence_2 happiness
happiness/subject_9_sentence_3 happiness
happiness/subject_9_sentence_4 happiness
happiness/subject_9_sentence_5 happiness
sadness/subject_9_sentence_1 sadness
sadness/subject_9_sentence_2 sadness
sadness/subject_9_sentence_3 sadness
sadness/subject_9_sentence_4 sadness
sadness/subject_9_sentence_5 sadness
surprise/subject_9_sentence_1 surprise
surprise/subject_9_sentence_2 surprise
surprise/subject_9_sentence_3 surprise
surprise/subject_9_sentence_4 surprise
surprise/subject_9_sentence_5 surprise
